git-delta: add page (#6010)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-delta.md

# git delta

> > Lists files that differ from another branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> List files that differ from another branch.
```

# git delta

 > Lists files that differ from another branch.
 > Part of git-extras.

>  > More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-delta>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-delta>.
```

>  - List files from {{currbranch}} that differ with {{main}}:

Reviewer 2: Did you mean to add `currbranch` to the example below, or this?
```suggestion
 - List files from the current branch that differ with the `main` branch:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - List files from current checked out branch that differ from main:
```

Reviewer 2: They're both almost identical — @CleanMachine1 yours doesn't backtick `main`, but it should because `main` is a name here rather than an adjective.

Reviewer: Why did you edit blue's suggestion...

>  - List files from {{currbranch}} that differ with {{main}}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - List files from current checked out branch that differ from main:
```

>  `git delta {{main}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `git delta {{main}}`
 
 - List files from specific branch that differ from another specific branch
 
 `git delta {{branch_1}} {{branch_2}}
 
```
